mr. president you to have said that our
borders are out of control yet this fall
you allowed the Simpson Mazzoli bill
which would at least have minimally
protected our borders and the rights of
citizenship because of a relatively
unimportant issue of reimbursement to
the states for legalized aliens given
that they asked what priority can we
expect you to give this forgotten
national security element how sincere
are you in your efforts to control in
effect the nation state that is the
United States Georgia and we believe me
supported the Simpson Mazzoli bill
strongly and the bill that came out of
the Senate
however there were things added in in
the house side that we felt made it less
of a good bill as a matter of fact made
it a bad bill and in conference we
stayed with them in conference all the
way to where even senator Simpson did
not want the bill in the manner in which
it would come out of the conference
committee there were a number of things
in there that weakened that bill I can't
go into detail about them here but it is
true our borders are out of control it
is also true that this has been a
situation in our borders back through a
number of administrations and I
supported this bill I believe in the
idea of amnesty for those who have put
down roots and who have lived here even
though some time back there they may
have entered illegally with regard to
the employer sanctions this we must have
that not only to ensure that we can
identify the illegal aliens but also
while some keep protesting about what it
would do to employers there as another
employer that we shouldn't be so
concerned about and these are employers
down through the years who have
encouraged the illegal entry into this
country because they then hire these
individuals and hire them as starvation
wages and with none of the benefits that
we think are normal and natural for
workers in our country and the
individuals can't complain because of
their illegal status
we don't think that those people should
be allowed to continue operating free
and this was why the provisions that we
had in with regard to sanctions and so
forth and I'm going to do everything I
can and all of us in the administration
are to join and again when Congress is
back at it to get an immigration bill
that will give us once again control of
our borders and with regard to
friendship below the border and with the
countries down there yes no
administration that I know has
established the relationship that we
have with our Latin friends but as long
as they have an economy that relieves so
many people in dire poverty and
unemployment they are going to seek that
employment across our borders and we
work with those other countries